update val spec (#1366)
rollkit/rollkit: state/validators.md

The Sequencer Selection scheme describes the process of selecting a block proposer i.e. sequencer from the validator set.

> In vA of Rollkit, this is a fixed pubkey, belonging to the centralized sequencer. The validator set may only ever have one "validator", the centralized sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first version of Rollkit, this is a fixed pubkey, belonging to the centralized sequencer. The validator set may only ever have one "validator", the centralized sequencer.
```
